partner app template updated (#3274)
SumoLogic/sumologic-documentation: docs/contributing/templates/partner-app.md

description: Using the Sumo Logic Partner App Template.
---

import useBaseUrl from '@docusaurus/useBaseUrl';

:::tip
Copy this file and edit it for your App integration.
:::

<head>
  <meta name="robots" content="noindex"/>
</head>

<img src={useBaseUrl('path-to-your-icon.png')} alt="Thumbnail icon" width="45"/>

(Introduction about the app)

/Add the description from the app description above/

## Log types and metrics 

The {AppName} App uses...

/Enter a list of log types, usually hyperlinked to vendor docs./

## Sample Log and Metrics messages

### Log message

```json title="Log message"
\<add your log message here\>
```

### Metric message

```json title="Metric message"
\<add your log message here\>
```

## Sample query

### Log query

```sql title="Log query"
\<add your query here\>
```

### Metric query

```sql title="Metric query"
\<add your query here\>
```

## Prerequisites (Optional)

\Any steps like permissions or roles that the user should have for configuring the collection steps\

## Collection configuration and app installation

> \This section instructions for collecting logs, metrics, or logs and metrics. You can also give link to collection docs if they are hosted publicly. Include a diagram, as appropriate. For an example, see [Collection process for GCP services](https://help.sumologic.com/07Sumo-Logic-Apps/06Google/Google_App_Engine/01Collect-Logs-for-the-Google-App-Engine-App#Collection_process_for_GCP_services).\

Reviewer: ```suggestion
\This section instructions for collecting logs, metrics, or logs and metrics. You can also give link to collection docs if they are hosted publicly. Include a diagram, as appropriate. For an example, see [Collection process for GCP services](/docs/integrations/google/app-engine/#Collection_process_for_GCP_services).\
```
